
mysql -u root -p
npx prisma migrate dev --name init

docker-compose exec nodejs sh



dcoker cant stop: sudo aa-remove-unknown

Day 1: Project Setup and Database Design

Set up the Node.js TypeScript project structure.
Install necessary dependencies, including Prisma, Express, and other required packages.
Create the database schema and design the data models using Prisma.
Generate Prisma client and set up the database connection.

Day 2: Implement Backend Logic and Prisma Integration

Create the necessary backend logic for gaming functionality, such as game rules, calculations, and validations.
Implement Prisma integration to perform CRUD operations with the MySQL database.
Test the backend logic and Prisma ORM operations.

Day 3: Laravel Middleware Setup

Set up a Laravel project to handle authentication and routing.
Implement the necessary middleware for user login and authentication.
Test the Laravel middleware with sample routes and authentication scenarios.

Day 4: React Tailwind Frontend Setup

Set up a React project and configure TypeScript support.
Install required dependencies, including React, Tailwind CSS, and any additional packages for frontend development.
Create the basic page structure for the games and user manage bets pages.
Implement routing using React Router to navigate between pages.

Day 5: Games Page Frontend

Implement the frontend logic for the games page, including fetching game data from the backend and displaying it.
Design and style the games page using Tailwind CSS.
Test the games page functionality and ensure proper integration with the backend.

Day 6: User Manage Bets Page Frontend

Implement the frontend logic for the user manage bets page, such as fetching user bets and displaying them.
Design and style the user manage bets page using Tailwind CSS.
Test the user manage bets page functionality and integration with the backend.

Day 7: Integration and Testing

Integrate the frontend and backend components together.
Test the complete system, including end-to-end functionality, authentication, and data storage.
Conduct thorough testing and bug fixing to ensure everything works as expected.
Deploy the application to a hosting environment of your choice.

Feel free to copy each box individually for your reference. Good luck with your project!
